we're gonna be trying domination I'm
bailouts one of probably my more
favorite maps of the whole map pack not
counting the two Co to Co do 34 maps
especially crash and especially crash I
guess I should say since there's only
really two maps nope nobody went for be
this OH one guy 14 be that's I think
everyone else wants to go and try and
rook amid see
why it sucks that really sucks all come
on so far i'd i just cannot catch a
break that's great
anyone going for a you know guess not
all right
holy shit rethinking the lead alright
Harriers I don't like yeah I definitely
don't like areas so I'm just going to
sit in guard a for a little bit
or attempt to in any in any case well
anyone who goes to this window is
probably gonna be shot
tosin stunts willy-nilly for really no
reason at all
okay if I didn't get that then you know
what something's wrong with me I'm
feeling I'm feeling pretty bad today for
some reason now probably lost alpha they
have a pavelow
it's a revenge somehow
on that pave low just rook that guy oh
look I have a predator missile no we're
not gonna lose via beat area wait
friendly Javier swing round awesome I
got a guy
then we let the Harrier do some some
hopeful work I got my guys again I'm
really just kind of staking out for the
for the killstreaks at this point now do
you see why I don't play a domination or
any objective game not that guy all
right come on harrier kill somebody kill
somebody else
oh good shooting so it killed one person
not counting the not counting the whole
killed someone with the airstrike
portion of that so I'm just being really
kind of kind of campy so far
well shit all right that's kind of what
I wanted so now there's a guy in that
window over there I it's time to leave
my my roost up auto shotty chocolate
ready for deployment I hope someone
fucks that guy up are you fucking
serious
awesome even more awesome even better
fuck it come on shopper gunner where is
everyone ads